If the world ended tomorrow, what would be your last meal? Because I asked 20 of the biggest YouTubers on the planet, cooked every single dish, and was shocked by most of their answers. But let's start with Ryan Treyhan. Hello, Nick. It's Ryan requesting my last meal on Earth. For the starter, let's do salmon nigiri with a little bit of wasabi on each bite. Ooh, spicy. And then for the entree, we'll do a hamburger, meat, cheese, and bun only. And ketchup, of course. No veggies. Please no vegetables. You would ruin my last day on Earth. Let's get a root beer as well to pair with the burger. And then lastly for dessert, tiramisu. It's like my favorite dessert. It's an espresso-based dessert. Please no veggies. I'm serious. This would make things very awkward on my last day. Don't do it. I love Ryan. He's awesome. You guys all already know my friend Guga. There's way too much food in this video for me to eat by myself, so he's gonna help us out. What's up, everybody? I can't wait for all this food. Where do we start? We start with the burger. Cheeseburger with ketchup only. Nothing else. No veggies. I've tried to get Ryan to eat veggies for years. He won't do it. Oh, so good. But he also likes sushi. How does he not eat vegetables, but he eats sushi? He has a fine palate. Like he said, he's specifically requested wasabi for the sushi, so I used fresh wasabi to make this. Look at how vibrant and beautiful that salmon is. Perfect. Which one is better, burger or the sushi? That's a good question. I'll make it easy for you. Burger. I think sushi. Let the audience decide. Subscribe for sushi, like for burger. Way more people are gonna pick sushi. I love Ryan, but I had no idea he would even know what tiramisu is. Ryan eats burgers and chicken nuggets, and that's how he survives. That's fire! Look at all those beautiful layers inside. You can't forget about the root beer. Ah, it's so good. Root beer's kind of weird. You think root beer's weird? Wait till later in the video. Some of these YouTubers answered the craziest foods for their last meals. It's going to shock you. We're gonna give every YouTuber a ranking on a tier list. So what do you think about Ryan? I feel like for your last meal, you should have something like extravagant. There's nothing extravagant about this. It's very good. It's great. I like, but you can do better, Ryan. You're right. I think it's fair to put Ryan Treyhan in B tier. Hey, Nick. My last meal would be soup dumplings for a starter, beef Wellington for a main, side of cheese souffle and for dessert, French macarons. What's that? Oh, that's a bummer. Those are all the hardest foods to cook. You know what else is a bummer? Getting assigned D tier on your sushi making skills. Good luck. Oh, this is marvelous. This was probably the single most difficult meal I've ever had to make. Thank you so much, Mark. Lucky for me, at this point, I can make a cheese souffle with my eyes closed. Let's eat the cheese souffle before it falls. Oh, it's like eating a cheesy cloud. That is delicious. It almost reminds me of Brazilian cheese bread, you know? Less chewy version of Brazilian cheese bread. I think soup dumplings next. Here, pick it up very carefully, place it on the spoon, bite the front. Oh, I almost messed it up, Nick. That one plate by itself took me three hours. I'm sorry, Nick. Suck out the juice? It's so juicy. And then you eat the dumpling. That's really good. That's not just good. It's amazing. What I find really funny about this whole meal is Mark probably thought it was going to be impossible for me. And he didn't realize that I've made all these different dishes on my recipe channel and at this point have the recipes memorized. So easy. Easy for you, not for me. This is what I call beef Wellington 2.0. Why? I realized that a normal beef Wellington was way too difficult to make. So I developed a new and improved version that is easier and better. That's the beef Wellington 2.0. See what you think. Oh, you like that? Delicious, nice crispy crust. It's perfectly cooked, medium rare. You have all of the ingredients that we all love. You got everything. Last thing, one of the most difficult things to make, French macarons. Never made it, never will. I have been yelled at by Gordon Ramsay for making these very poorly one time. Ever since then, I've gotten quite good at it, but they're not easy. Nick, I appreciate your work. How do we give Mark Robert a rating? I think he was pranking you. Of course you was pranking me. You look at his whole meal, it's four of the hardest things to cook anywhere in the world. I know his goal was to prank me here, but it's really good food. Mark Robert, your last meal gets an A tier. What up, Nick? It's Jesser. If I had one final meal, this is what it would be. I want a cheeseburger, but not just any cheeseburger. I want the buns to be grilled cheese sandwiches. Then I'm talking about two patties, cheese in between that, grilled onions. Then on the side, I want smiley face potatoes because I want to be happy going into my final meal. Then for the drink, I want a root beer float, but I want the cup to be fully made out of ice. And for the dessert, I would like a creme brulee french toast with a side of ice cream. Thank you, Nick. I hope you enjoy the meal because it's your last. No, my last meal. This looks like a meal that I would have chose when I was five years old. Don't judge your book by its cover. Let's dig in. If you're going out, you're going out with a bang, baby. They are so cute. Look at those smiley fries. I actually kind of like that double texture where you get the crunch on the outside. Immediately, that crunch is balanced by the light, fluffy interior of the mashed potatoes. You know what I like about mine? Cheese on top of cheese and meat. I'm noticing a big problem here with this meal though, which is that this ice glass here with the root beer is melting. Why choose an ice glass? Is that also to make him happy? It freezes your hand as you hold it. Let's just turn this into a root beer float. That's the way it should be. It is the coldest root beer I've ever had. I like that he can take his side of ice cream and he can kind of put it on that french toast. I never had toast with ice cream. Dude, why don't they serve it like this? Let's think about the whole picture. What rating does this deserve? I would say it's pretty good. I love the grilled cheeseburger. I love the toast. And the smiley face potatoes and ice cup are both pretty clever. Let's give Jesser a respectable B tier. Look, it's Kyle. Now listen, I know you're telling me about the last meal. This is my last meal. I'm gonna say it one time and one time only. Give me a nice big mac and cheese, okay? I want a nice big mac and cheese with lamb chops on the side. Put some greens in this, sliced up carrots with some broccoli. You feel what I'm saying? A nice whole rounded meal. Then for the drink, I want sweet tea with some nice ice. Big cup of sweet tea. Nice and sweet. And then for my dessert, give me a cheesecake, either strawberry or chocolate, whatever you want to do. That's my last meal. Make it. Hurry up, hurry up, hurry up. This is the most well-rounded looking meal we've seen so far. There was one thing I would take out though. The broccoli. And the carrots. Correct. They're beautiful. On your last meal, let's make sure you have a little bit of everything. Get a little healthy in there. Get a little hot, a little cold, a little sweet. Why you want to be healthy on the last meal? Let's start with the lamb chops. And the first thing I'm going to say is that Kai didn't tell me what temperature he wanted, so I went medium, because I know he's a pretty smart guy, and I figure he knows that medium's the only correct temperature for cooking meat. For lamb, I agree. Nobody judges meat better than Guga, so let's see what you think. Little bit of lamb, little bit of lamb sauce. Perfectly cooked, nice and juicy. And I love this mac and cheese on the side here. This is a baked, very hot mac and cheese. The right combination is mac and cheese and lamb. Oh. Baked mac and cheese is the answer every single time. Did you notice that with his iced tea, he specifically asked for nice ice? As you can see, I went and found the nicest ice I could find. Look, you can see my eyes through it. It's perfect. How do you feel about the cheesecake? Love it. I think it's a perfect ending. Amazing. I chose the berries instead of the chocolate, because I felt like that would work better with the full well-roundedness of the whole meal. I agree with you, because this is nice and light. It's just delicious. This meal is blowing me away. There's nothing crazy about it either, but he just thought through everything. Kai shocked me. I'm not going to lie. I totally agree. Taking a look at everything here, this is a very, very smart and well-thought-out last meal. Are we going to do it? I think so. Kai's last meal gets S tier. What's up, Nick? It's Sam and Colby. Our last meal would have to be something spooky related. For our appetizer, we go with some classic deviled eggs, topped with some black salt for protection. For our main course, we would like to do a ghost pepper pizza, because we live for spirits and pain. And for dessert, a favorite is obviously chocolate dirt cake and make it graveyard themed. Yeah, you got to make sure it has some crushed up Oreos for dirt and gummy worms. And finally, for our drink, we would love to do some Mountain Dew, because it looks like ectoplasm. Don't ask. Oh, what's going on here? I kind of love it. Real quick, if you don't know who Sam and Colby are, they do all kinds of ghost hunting, spooky haunted things. It explains a lot when you look at their meal. That scares me. Ghost pepper pizza? What? Ghost pepper is 200 times hotter than a jalapeno. No, I'm not eating that. You're going to have to. I'm not eating that. Part of the experience. I can't eat that. Why is it the red? Spooky. Cheers. I definitely got a kick to it. Why would you choose this as your last meal? You guys are nuts. If I see a deviled egg, I think of my grandma, because my grandma makes deviled eggs all the time. That's pretty good. It's creamy. It's buttery. It's silky. But I can still feel the ghost pepper. I like the meal more than I expected so far. And I want to now try the Dirt and Worms. Did you have Dirt and Worms when you were a kid? No. Dirt and Worms is one of the best desserts out there. Take your shovel. That's amazing. A lot of people seem to be picking something that reminds them of childhood. smiley face potatoes, root beer, Dirt and Worms. These are all things that make you feel like a kid again. And maybe if it's your last day on earth, you're thinking, let me just try to remind myself of all the good times. And I really like this choice for dessert. Yes, no, yes, no. No? Mountain Dew, come on. I like. Can we agree this one's weird? It is very weird. But at the same time, I like that it had some character. They weren't afraid to mix it up a little bit. So for that reason, I think Sam and Colby deserve a seat here. What's up, Nick? It's Eric. I'm going to tell you my last meal, and it's the only right answer. It is an order from Taco Bell. First item is the beefy gordita crunch. Replace the beef with chicken. Then you have to put nacho fries on top. Second, the beefy five layer burrito. Replace the beef with chicken. Do not forget the Diablo sauce or the Baja Blast. Good luck, Nick. This is upsetting to say the least. There are so many good options out there. And this is your last meal. We don't need the fork and knife. I'm going to try the fries first. I mean, they're fries. What can I say? Oh, what is that? That's not the fire alarm. You should not eat this. Look at this thing. It's so heavy. I think I could probably balance this thing perfectly on your head. That's crazy. None of the rest of the food in this video is going to do that. Cheers. Cheers, brother. I don't like it. It's terrible. Why is there so much bean in there? Why would anyone want to eat that? You can eat a steak. You can eat lobster. You can eat whatever you want. Then you're going to get this. You haven't tried the Baja Blast yet. Baja blast is going to totally change your whole mind here. Not. I like. Really? We're not judging if Taco Bell is good. But as your last meal, no. I don't think there's a world where this isn't the bottom of the whole chart. For so many reasons, I know we both agree on this one. Arak is going straight to the bottom at F tier. Good. Okay, that's. This video is very spooky. That's not my stuff. F tier. Are you serious? What are you doing? You said F tier? No. Are you kidding me? Were you doing the buzzing noise? Don't worry about that. This is the greatest meal of Planet Earth. Did you know he was there? No, I didn't know he was there. Hey, look at it. He's freaking me out. I thought he was a ghost. Put a W on the board. There's no W on the board. You've got F tier. That is crazy. He doesn't tell me when he does this stuff. This is like the third time he's done this. I'm a little upset with you guys. I'm not going to lie. What's your face? I was blended in as a bag of rice up there. Take a bite. Feel free. That is disgusting. Oh, bro, bro. Don't put me at the bottom of the list. I really thought that you were going to give this S tier. I had confetti poppers. I had all kinds of cool stuff for the effort. Maybe we'll put him half up. No, no. I'm keeping him enough tier. Okay. I'm leaving. Yo, Nick. What's up? It's your boy KSI. Now, what is my final meal? I want to start off with the Jollof rice, Nigerian Jollof rice. Then I want special fried rice from China. The best. And then for my protein, KFC chicken. Three drumsticks. That's it. For dessert, a cookie. Strawberry white chocolate cookie. And for my drink, prime energy, cherry, and limeade. Let's get lit. Enjoy. I don't know about you, but I am going for the fried chicken. Let's see if we get that crunch. It's the classic. Everyone knows what KFC tastes like. And this is it. Two types of rice? This man is addicted to rice. There's so much rice here that why don't we split it up? Why don't you pick one or the other? I'll go with the fried rice. I'll go with the Jollof. Kind of an extra well-seasoned rice. That is good. I like fried rice. I'm going to try a little bit of cherry limeade here. It's very sweet. I like it, though. So you like the balance of extra sweet and then you got a little bit of spicy, a little bit savory, crispy, crunchy. He's hitting on every texture and flavor so far. I'm not sure about the cookie, though. Apparently white chocolate and strawberry is a popular combo in the UK. I've never had this in my life. This is a good looking cookie, I gotta say. I still like white chocolate. What? White chocolate isn't chocolate. White chocolate is basically just butter and sugar. As a whole, I like this last meal. I know we disagree on the cookie. I think we agree on everything else. And KSI is getting a tier. What's up, Nick? It's the Stokes Twins. For our last meal, we would eat crispy fried chicken drumsticks, buttery scrambled eggs, a huge boba, and for dessert, a Chinese egg tart. Good luck. The first thing I notice is that all of their food comes from a chicken. This is chicken. This is egg. This is egg. Delicious fried chicken. I kind of love that they requested just drumsticks. Scrambled eggs. I made these ones with a lot of butter, just like they requested. I love eggs. I eat eggs every single day. I don't like scrambled eggs. You don't like scrambled eggs? What's wrong with you, Nick? I only liked them when my grandpa would make them for me. He used to make them with special chicken powder seasoning that made me love them. Scrambled eggs and fried chicken, weird combination. Have you ever had a Chinese egg tart? No, I don't think so. It's like a nice vanilla custard in a buttery cookie shell. I like boba. I don't like it. Why would you not like boba? It's just an iced tea that's more fun to drink. Look at the little tapioca pearls in there. Looking at this meal as a whole, it all comes from one thing, a chicken. It's very flat. Nothing exciting. The Stokes Twins' last meal is sea tear. Sea for chicken. Hey, Nick. This is Karim Minati. And why do you want me to have my last meal? Anyway, I'll have chole batore with lassi on the side and for dessert, maybe gajar kahlua. But seriously, why am I having my last meal? I love Indian food. But it scares me sometimes because it's spicy. Let's just get right into it. No. The whole dish is called chole batore. But this is the chole. It's chickpeas that have been simmered in this amazing tomato sauce and then batore, which is this pull apart bread. It's a very doughy, delicious bread that you can dip into the chickpeas. Oh, why is Indian food so good? There's so many stews and curries and they all kind of blend together into one. So when you look at them, your brain doesn't really know what to think. But when you dive in, you're in this whole new world of flavor that you haven't had before. It's my first time having this dish and I'm in love. Get a little spice. You cool it down with a mango lassi. Never had that. Oh, that's amazing. It's a perfect drink. Let's jump over to the dessert. Gajar kahlua. This is a carrot dessert. It's kind of like an Indian carrot pudding made by slow cooking grated carrots and milk, butter, sugar. I see some nuts and some raisins and even flour in there. It's my first time for this dessert here. I don't love the texture. It's sort of like the carrot part of carrot cake with no frosting. Fair enough. This is good, not great. Kari Manani, your last meal is eight here. Hi, Nick. Two things. The first one, I miss you. And the second one, are you ready to make my last meal? I hope so. I want you to make me a Uruguayan beef Milanese with mixed mashed potatoes. In Uruguay, mixed mashed potatoes are made with mashed potatoes and mashed pumpkin. This is my favorite dish ever. I prefer the Milanese fried so it doesn't get fried. For the dessert, I want you to make me a Uruguayan alfajor. That's delicious. For this, you will have to get a good dulce de leche and a good chocolate. I'm almost sure you never made an alfajor before. So this is gonna be interesting. And for the drink, I want a fresh squeezed orange juice. Nick, good luck. I feel like it's very little. Like not a lot of food. Not a lot of food. I mean, this is it, seriously. He's tapping back into his Uruguayan roots with a simple Milanese. He knows what he wants. I love the fresh squeezed orange juice. That's a nice touch. Something bright and sweet before the world ends. Listen. You know the first rule for eating a Milanese, right? Squeeze the lemon. Of course. The lemon cuts out the fattiness. I love it because it's beef. I'm gonna try the mixed mashed potatoes. I have never seen these before. This isn't even blended pumpkin and normal potato. I like the color. I like the idea of it. This beats amazing. Nice and crispy and juicy. Try the potato. It's not just plain mashed potato. It's extra mashed potato. I like it. And why not wash it down with a little bit of fresh squeezed orange juice? So good. You want to have a cookie? Yes. Uruguayan alfajor If you haven't had these, it's a very delicate cookie filled with dulce de leche, which can best be compared to caramel. Cheers, brother. That's really good. It's nice and dry in the inside and the coating of the chocolate makes a perfect combination. The texture of this cookie is almost like flour. It just literally breaks in your mouth. Now that I've tasted everything, I kind of agree with you that it's not quite enough. I love the Milanese. It's good. I love the acidity, the crispiness. But at the same time, I want more. It's my last meal. It pains me to say this. Fede is getting seat here. Hello, Nikolai, thick and light. Hello, thick Nick. Hello, Nick. Okay, so it's Preston, right? And this is my last meal. I would love to start it off with a mocha made with real chocolate. Now, the Starbucks mocha, a mocha made with real, delicious dark chocolate. Then chicken fried steak. This is like a classic in the South. And it's got to have cream gravy. The side, right. Fried okra. Also another Southern classic, grew up eating this stuff. It sounds disgusting, but it's amazing. I want blackberry cobbler for dessert with ice cream. Get to cooking, buddy. I love you. That was a very specific last meal request. And a weird one. That's Preston. Let's obviously start with the chicken fried steak. How do you feel about a fried steak? I'm okay with it. With a nice gravy on top? That is good. It's like Thanksgiving, but better. Let's get some fried okra now. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. That's awful. Every good flavor that was in my mouth 30 seconds ago is gone. It tastes like grass. Grass that's been stepped on by a slimy shoot. We're up here, and now we're going back down. Do you like coffee? I love coffee. I love mocha. I broke out my fancy espresso machine. I feel like I need to put my pinky up. This is delicious. I don't want to look at the okra, take that away from me. What do you think about this? I think it's actually a really fun and beautiful final dessert. How could you not love that? Oh, I like this one. My taste buds are on the craziest roller coaster of their life right now. The question here is, with most of the meal being so good, how bad is the okra? This little green nugget right here is holding everything back. This isn't just bad. It's really bad, and it ruins everything else. Well, in that case, Preston's last meal gets de-tiered. Hi, Preston. My last meal would be cheese croquettes. Then as a main chico gratin, it's like ham rolls with chicory inside, cheese sauce and mashed potatoes. And then as a dessert, Belgian waffles. Good luck, and I'm hungry. What I love is that there's something here that I've never tried before. And then we got classic mashed potatoes, cheese croquettes, Belgian waffles. You can tell she's from Belgium. I want to start with this. Oh yeah, look at that cheese. Oh. On dive is sort of like a crisp, bitter lettuce. That's unbelievable. That is one of the best things I've had this whole year. I can't stop eating this. Wow, you really like it, huh? It's so good. It's savory, it's sweet, and cheesy. This might have just become one of my top 20 favorite foods. It's sort of like Belgium's own special version of mac and cheese or lasagna. Let me try the cheese croquette. Oh, that's good. Nice and cheesy on the inside. This is sort of a mozzarella stick, but better. Let's try the mashed potatoes. They're perfect. Now, Belgian waffles is my favorite kind of waffle. Oh, it's so good, so fluffy. How do you feel this ranks? That's delicious. This is amazing. The croquette is pretty good. I'm going to go ahead and give Selena an S, too. Oh, it's cute, Amy. Let's go. Hey, Nick, it's Marquez. My last meal would probably be breakfast food because I'm a breakfast person, so some cinnamon, french toast, perfectly soft scrambled eggs, some crispy bacon, breakfast potatoes, and then orange juice on the side. That's it, simple. I'll say what we're all thinking, which is that clearly MKBHD really loves breakfast. And classic, too, bacon and eggs. And I love that the eggs are nice and juicy. Juicy? It's juicy. Soft, fluffy, juicy. Yeah, juicy. This is a juicy egg. A beautiful piece of bacon. I'm going to wash that down with a couple potatoes. Does this get you excited, Nick? I think breakfast is a bad meal. This I would never choose. No, I like breakfast. If I have to rank breakfast, lunch, and dinner, breakfast is at the bottom. It has the worst foods. Why do we have eggs for breakfast, for instance? Who decided that? But I'm trying to keep an open mind. French toast, a little whipped cinnamon butter on top. Okay. That's nice. I mean, it's okay. One of us has to try the orange juice. It's not fresh squeezed. Why would you not want it fresh? It's your last meal and you're not at least going to ask for the orange juice to be fresh squeezed? This meal is so simple. It's all the most basic and classic breakfast foods out there. Does it taste good? Yes. Is it breakfast? Yes. Would you rank it really high? No. Where are you putting this one, Nick? MKBHD is getting C tier. Hey, what's up, Nick? It's a rug. I am currently a food critic for the day and I'm at this beautiful steakhouse. So what better time to tell you my last meal than now? Bone and ribeye, cooked medium. I would love a side of a lobster tail. And for dessert, I actually just devoured this crème brûlée. That is my favorite dessert of all time. I would love a cherry Dr. Pepper. If you can make the cherry Dr. Pepper from scratch, not make it 10 times better. Good luck and let me know what you think. You know what I think of this one. Do I have to say anything? Look at it. Beautiful steak. Something I would actually love to have as my last meal. It's this perfect balance of cheap and expensive, the steak with the lobster on top and the compound butter. But it's missing one thing. There's no side dishes there or nothing. I like the simplicity of this meal. I know what we're both thinking right now. What's the temperature on the steak? It looks to me like a good clean medium. I like a medium rare. We disagree. I think medium is the perfect way to cook a steak. He thinks it's medium rare. And he's wrong and that's fine. No, you're wrong. Let's try some steak. Oh my. So good. It's so good. It's good. Even medium is good. I got a little bite of lobster in there now. I don't really drink soda and I don't think you do either, but I could not be more excited to wash it down with a little cherry Dr. Pepper. Is it good? It is good. He wanted a homemade, so I made my own cherry syrup and I put that into a normal Dr. Pepper. So it's sort of a half and half. Let's try the crème brûlée. Ah, it's so satisfying. Look at that right there. Classic. I love the little bitterness from the sugar on the top. Combines it with the creaminess on the bottom. This is a really good meal. I agree. The real question here is, does it have enough to be S-tier? You don't think so? No. Faze Rug gets a very strong F-tier. Hey Nick, it's Ben Asilar. My last meal would be a boulonnaise pasta with a side of potato gratin, a lemonade, and a bowl of cereal for dessert. Good luck. I mean, it's like a kid's meal. Potato gratin is not a kid's meal. But this one here, it's like a breakfast. It's all carbs. Potato, cereal, and pasta. I'm a big fan of a potato gratin, so I'm going to dig right in on that. I'm going to go for the boulonnaise. Do you cut the pasta, Nick? No, no, come on. Never cut the pasta. How's that? It's good? Fire? Wow, that's good. This is one of my favorite choices of the whole video so far. That's just pure comfort. Try it. So good. That is delicious. That buttery sauce on the bottom, a little crispiness on the top, that is amazing. I have not eaten cereal in probably five years. Question. Milk first or cereal first? Cereal first, of course. No! Because then the cereal gets soggy. You put milk first, and then you just put a little bit, and then you eat it, and then you just keep feeding it. I've been eating cereal wrong my entire life. Correct. I'll take a bite. Yeah. It's fine. You want to try the lemonade? No, I want to try this again. This is delicious, everybody. Lemonade is so good. Nick, I'm making a mess, Nick. This is a pretty good meal, actually. I like this one. I think the cereal is a bad choice. Everything else is a great choice. I'd call this a very solid meal, so ben asilar is getting a B-tier. What's up, Nick? bater squad here. I'm here to tell you that our last meal would be egg fried rice, sweet and sour chicken. It's been a staple of mine since I was a kid. strawberry mint soda Yep. And then what's the dessert? Chocolate crepes. I absolutely love chocolate crepes. French style, please. I think you guys pronounce it crepe. That is just crepe, to be honest. That's good. It's good! My eyes are immediately drawn to the sweet and sour chicken. Apparently this is how it looks in the UK. Cheers. Wow. It's sweet, it's tangy, and nice and crispy too. This is basic Chinese takeout done really well, and I respect it. It's delicious. It's comforting, and comfort is exactly what you want and need if you're eating your last meal on earth. Crepes. Does that excite you? No. I've never liked crepes. In fact, I don't think I've even eaten a full crepe in my life. Crepes are like a worse, confusing version of pancakes, but I'm keeping an open mind. And with a chocolate drizzle on top? A little whipped cream, why not? It's pretty good. I don't like it. I rather had chocolate chip pancakes or chocolate chip cookies. Much more exciting. They wanted to wash down their last meal with a little strawberry mint soda. It's good. It's light and refreshing, and it balances out this heavy Chinese food. It's simple. Looking at their whole meal, nothing here excites me. And if it's the last day on earth, you want to go with something amazing. And this is just now. It pains me to say this, but beta squad is getting D tier. Hey Nick, it's ZHC, and my last meal would be chicken and waffles with a side of truffle fries, a Shirley Temple as the drink, and a panna cotta for dessert. That sounds really good. I like this. You got sweet, you got protein, you got fries, you got a dessert, and you got a drink. It is very well-rounded. I love chicken and waffles. It's a perfect combination of sweet, savory, and crunch. I don't like chicken and waffles. I'd rather have my chicken separate than my waffles. No! It's okay. We need more syrup. All over that chicken and waffles. Let's do the crunch test. It's pretty good with the maple syrup on it. I told you, Nick. And the waffles are so nice. Plastic waffle. How do you feel about truffle fries? People don't realize that most truffle oil is fake. If you look at the truffle fries, they're covered with real truffle. That alone tells me that they're going to be good, but there's only one real way to find out. I love these fries. For dessert, I'm going in for the Shirley Temple. Shirley Temples used to be my favorite drink until one day. I think I was maybe 14 or 15. I went to order one and the guy said, aren't you a little old to be ordering Shirley Temples? I never ordered one again. Wow. That's sad. He ruined my love for Shirley Temples, but now you get to have it back. I miss them. And the best part is you get to eat this in the end. Are they so good? I'll have this then. Who does that? You're a weird penacota. The worst dessert. What? Bottom five dessert. You're an Italian. Let's check the jiggle first. Why you don't like it? Why are you a hater? Tastes like cheese. Look at that. Why would anyone want that? Reminds me of a good time. What? Oh, oh, it's like jello. I don't care what you say. I like him. I'm stuck on this one. It's a good meal. Would it be my first choice? No. ZHT should get a very fair B tier. Hey Nick, Zach King here, and my last meal would be fah with thinly sliced filet mignon. We love a spring roll and a Thai iced tea to finish it off. Man, you're making me hungry just thinking about that. But hopefully there's no last meal soon. Wow, very healthy. I also feel like it's not enough. It's a very respectful last meal. I think we should start with a squeeze of lime in the fah right on top of that filet mignon. Great choice for the meat. Mix everything so that the fah kind of almost cooks it a little bit. It's very good. A little bit of acidity, badiness. Fah is just amazing. I'm going to have some of this spring roll here. Look at that chili oil though. Mmm, mmm. Oh, that's good. Zach knows his flavors. How about the iced tea? It's like sweet vanilla milky black tea. Everything that's here is amazing. I just wish there was a little more of it. For your last meal, it will be kind of tough for me to choose this. I want something heavy, satisfying. This one is right between B tier and C tier, but I think Zach King is going to end up with a C tier. Hey Nick, my last meal would be axis deer tenderloin, thinly sliced, seared on both sides. Pretty sure that's his favorite meal too. With a side of a cheesy gordita crunch. I'm going to go skillet queso. Oh, good choice. I don't think he likes that one. No, he doesn't. I could see that this is Dude Perfect choice from a mile away. I'm sure you've seen their trick shot videos, but they also love to hunt, and I'm sure that's why they picked deer. I want to start on the queso because it's an appetizer, and there's nothing better. Woo, I just burnt my tongue. Oh, it's cheesy, slightly spicy, nice crunch. Who doesn't like this? I'd want to take this cheesy gordita crunch, and I'd want to dip it into that skillet queso. Let me make you a bite. What about the deer? Still moving. This is how Dude Perfect wanted it. Oh, I love deer. Deer are very strong, powerful animals, so there's not a lot of fat in there. It doesn't have all the marbling that a wagyu steak has on it. You know what makes a better neck? Skillet queso. Yes. Oh, that's going to make it better. I will introduce the fat for you, buddy. That's the method. Backing out and looking at the whole meal here, I do notice there's something missing. A drink and a dessert. And so for that reason, Dude Perfect is getting beat here.